JNRanger: I got a few hits in now that I’m on my computer I got a 4 hour hosp tho. I got some stuff to do but I’ll be back later to try again

JNRanger: It’s weird he keeps hoping us and not running a chain on his own. Maybe he’s trying to draw out how long he has E to let his booster CD run down

JNRanger: My bad cell service got me killed lol

JNRanger: Cheese stir is watching for greens

JNRanger: I forget how you get those. I’ve only done one so far

JNRanger: Oh I didn’t realize Christmas town was going already lol

JNRanger: My event start time is set quite late in the day so I don’t have it yet

JNRanger: Just take ipecac when you can if you’ll be inactive Flip

JNRanger: Tomorrow is my last day at my current job and we’re really slow I’ll probably be able to sneak in a few hits at the start of war

JNRanger: That's always nice.

JNRanger: Moneybagggggggggssssss

JNRanger: Still lots of work left let’s keep it goin!

JNRanger: Between me calling our “first”(fifth) 500 chain and Spider only posting the top 4 hitters in the war in celebration I can guarantee we only won by chance cuz god we’re not too bright

JNRanger: damn my memory is that bad eh 

JNRanger: last i remembered we missed it by like 50 but thats probably just PTSD and a couple too many beer kicking in

JNRanger: Over 600 rep is wild

JNRanger: that was a lot of fun. glad to be a part of it. Here's to 500 :beers:

JNRanger: Love ya lots thank you lol.

JNRanger: There will be more for sure. That’s a nice habit to get into. Doing it a few times per week/month

JNRanger: (Player) you know what to do from here on out lol.

JNRanger: Great work yall… that was probably our best performance dominance wise so far.

JNRanger: We got a gooooood group goin here. Awesome to see all the teamwork

JNRanger: I sound much more Canadian when I go back home to Newfoundland for the summer and had a couple drinks in me living in the city sucks

JNRanger: 














MTQ1Nzc3Njc2MDc0MDUxNjA0NQ.GAzeyJ.ENlmbG2rxJSavtXCOF2KlvrUTKckTRp7jNvNbc




https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1457776760740516045&permissions=100352&integration_type=0&scope=bot